README.md, before:

# ASH0-tools
ASH0-tools are simple command line tools for compressing and decompressing Nintendo's ASH format found on the Wii, written in C.

## Compressor
To use the compressor, the syntax is as follows:
```shell
ashcomp <infile> [optional arguments]
```
This will compress a single file into an ASH file. If no output name is specified, this will default to naming the file `<input file>.ash`.

Generally, optional arguments aren't necessary to compress a file. One exemption to this is when re-compressing ASH files for My Pokémon Ranch, which will not work if compressed with the default options. You'll need to specify the argument `-d 15` to set the distance tree leaf size to 15.

The full list of arguments can be found below:
```shell
-o <file path> Specify output file path
-d <int> Specify distance tree bits  (default: 11)
-l <int> Specify length tree bits    (default:  9)
```

## Decompressor
To use the decompressor, the syntax is as follows:
```shell
ashdec <infile> [optional arguments]
```
This will decompress an ASH file to its single contained file. If no output name is specified, this will default to naming the file `<input file>.arc`.

Generally, optional arguments aren't necessary to decompress a file. One important exemption is ASH files found inside My Pokémon Ranch, which will fail to decompress with the default options. To make these work, you'll need to use the argument `-d 15` to set the distance tree leaf size to 15.

The full list of arguments can be found below:
```shell
-o <file path> Specify output file path
-d <int> Specify distance tree bits  (default: 11)
-l <int> Specify length tree bits    (default:  9)
```

### Credits
All credit to the base code used for compression/decompression goes to [@Garhoogin](https://github.com/Garhoogin), who put a lot of time into figuring out the compression algorithm used by ASH files to create modern and much more cleanly written tools for them.

Commit message:

Updated README to mention compression levels

README.md, after:

# ASH0-tools
ASH0-tools are simple command line tools for compressing and decompressing Nintendo's ASH format found on the Wii, written in C.

## Compressor
To use the compressor, the syntax is as follows:
```shell
ashcomp <infile> [optional arguments]
```
This will compress a single file into an ASH file. If no output name is specified, this will default to naming the file `<input file>.ash`.

Generally, optional arguments aren't necessary to compress a file. One exemption to this is when re-compressing ASH files for My Pokémon Ranch, which will not work if compressed with the default options. You'll need to specify the argument `-d 15` to set the distance tree leaf size to 15.

There are three different levels of compression that can be used. The compression level you use shouldn't have any effect on how the programs will handle the files, but using higher compression levels can save you some space at the cost of time spent compressing.

The full list of arguments can be found below:
```shell
-o <file path> Specify output file path
-d <int> Specify distance tree bits  (default: 11)
-l <int> Specify length tree bits    (default:  9)
-c <n> Specify compression strength (0=default, 1=moderate, 2=high)
```

## Decompressor
To use the decompressor, the syntax is as follows:
```shell
ashdec <infile> [optional arguments]
```
This will decompress an ASH file to its single contained file. If no output name is specified, this will default to naming the file `<input file>.arc`.

Generally, optional arguments aren't necessary to decompress a file. One important exemption is ASH files found inside My Pokémon Ranch, which will fail to decompress with the default options. To make these work, you'll need to use the argument `-d 15` to set the distance tree leaf size to 15.

The full list of arguments can be found below:
```shell
-o <file path> Specify output file path
-d <int> Specify distance tree bits  (default: 11)
-l <int> Specify length tree bits    (default:  9)
```

### Credits
All credit to the base code used for compression/decompression goes to [@Garhoogin](https://github.com/Garhoogin), who put a lot of time into figuring out the compression algorithm used by ASH files to create modern and much more cleanly written tools for them.
